Add a note to Popover hideEvent article (#2254)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxPopover/1 Configuration/hideEvent/hideEvent.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies properties of popover hiding. Ignored if the [shading](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/Configuration/#shading) property is set to **true**.

Reviewer: Popover is inherited by Tooltip.

```suggestion
Specifies properties of popover hiding. Ignored if the [shading]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#shading) property is set to **true**.
```
